doc: add OpenAPI validation info to user guide (#1640)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/user-guide.md

$ operator-sdk generate k8s
```

> Update the Open API validation section in the CRD at `deploy/crds/cache_v1alpha1_memcached_crd.yaml` so that Kubernetes can validate the properties in a Memcached Custom Resource when it is created or updated.

Reviewer: This should read something like:

```
To update the OpenAPI validation section in the CRD `deploy/crds/cache_v1alpha1_memcached_crd.yaml`, run the following command:

\```console
$ operator-sdk generate openapi
\```

This validation section allows Kubernetes to validate the properties in a Memcached Custom Resource when it is created or updated. An example of the generated YAML is as follows:
```

Author: Oh! I didn't realize that `generate openapi` was available. Thanks for this. The change has been made.

$ operator-sdk generate k8s
```

> To update the Open API validation section in the CRD `deploy/crds/cache_v1alpha1_memcached_crd.yaml`, run the following command. 

Reviewer 2: I'd like to see this highlighted as a subsection so it's easier to point to. Also `Open API`=>`OpenAPI`.
```suggestion
### OpenAPI validation
To update the OpenAPI validation section in the CRD `deploy/crds/cache_v1alpha1_memcached_crd.yaml`, run the following command. 
```
